




I think that you are motivated mainly out of love for your country, and for your fellow citizens.
While you have no ill will toward immigrants who just want to come to the U.S. for a better life, you also think it's important to prioritize the needs of your fellow citizens first.
You want your family, and your fellow citizens, to be safe from terrorism, drugs, and violent crime, and you see immigration enforcement as primarily a means of protection against these evils.
You may also feel protective of your culture (or at least, the best parts of it), and you want to make sure that the American language, American holidays, and American values stay pure, so you and your loved ones can 
continue to enjoy them the way you have in the past. You see immigration limits as a way to protect these things.

You think of a nation the way you think of your house: just as you have the right to decide who comes into your private house, the citizens of a nation have a right to decide who comes into their country.
You see this as an exercise of national sovereignty. While you recognize that it might be noble or benevolent of a nation to allow immigrants in, you don't think there's any ethical obligation to do so. 
You see allowing immigration as a charitable act, one which greatly benefits the immigrant, but can sometimes cost the natives of a country. You may even feel proud that the United States
has already gone above and beyond in allowing so many immigrants in.

You don't want to completely block all immigration. You just want to make sure that there's a right balance struck between immigrants accepted and immigrants denied. At most, you may want a brief pause or moratorium 
on immigration, to let the current population of immigrants fully assimilate into the common American culture. You may even be open to more immigration, as long as it's legal. 
You think that illegal immigration is an insult to those immigrants who worked their way patiently through the legal process, and you think that people who came illegally, if they wanted
to show respect for the laws of their desired homeland, would wait their turn in line, just like those who came legally. You think rule of law is important, and that it would be inconscionable to simply grant amnesty to immigrants who came illegally. For you, it's imporant that they
are punished in some way for their crime.

Your desire to limit immigration has no connection to vile ideologies like racism or xenophobia: you would feel exactly the same way about immigration if the immigrants shared the same race or ethnicity as you. In fact
you may already share these traits with the incoming immigrants. You see regular accusations of racism against you (or people like you), and think they are baseless, prejudiced distractions.

Finally, I imagine that you might be frustrated at the state of immigration in our country for the past several decades. You might be confused at why the government doesn't take what seems to you to be simple steps
to finally stop the flow of illegal immigration (like building a border wall, or punishing employers who hire illegal workers). Alternatively, you might not be confused at all about why immigration continues to be 
such a disaster, because you understand the motivations of the powerful forces allowing all this illegal immigration. You think these forces include:
 * Large corporations who benefit from cheap immigrant labor.
 * Misled altruists who are overly concerned about immigrant well-being, to the detriment of their fellow citizens.
 * Corrupt politicians, who benefit from immigrant votes.
 * Overly idealistic globalists and utopians, who are blind to the realities of the harm caused by illegal immigration.
...and possibly even...
 * Antagonistic activists, who want bad things to happen to America, and use immigration as a way to inflict harm on America.


That's what I think you believe. 




